TELCODOCS-236: latest RN updates (#34640)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-8-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, when using dual-stack networking, worker node host names sometimes did not match the host name that Ironic inspected before deployment. This caused nodes to need manual approval. This has been fixed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1955114[*BZ#1955114*])

> * Previously, in UEFI mode, the `ironic-python-agent` created a UEFI bootloader entry after downloading the RHCOS image. When using an RHCOS image based on RHEL 8.4, the image could fail to boot using this entry. If the entry installed by Ironic was used when booting the image, the boot could fail and output a BIOS error screen. This is fixed by the `ironic-python-agent` configuring the boot entry based on a CSV file located in the image, instead of using a fixed boot entry. The image boots properly without error. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1972213[*BZ#1972213*])

Reviewer: Are you sure that this BZ link needs to change?

Author: Yes, I got confirmation from the assignee that BZ#1966129 was incorrect (that is a clone). It needed to be updated to BZ#1972213.

Reviewer: Thanks! The first bug sounded more like the issue that was being addressed here. :)

* Previously, the Azure clusters were created with the disk type of Premium_LRS and with an instance type that did not support PremiumIO capabilities which caused the cluster to fail. This update checks to see if the instance type picked has the PremiumIO capabilities only if the disk type is Premium_LRS which is the default disk type. The code queries the Azure subscription and region to get the information required and returns an error if the conditions are not met. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1931115[*BZ#1931115*])

> * Previously, the API VIP could become unavailable on the bootstrap when the API server restarts, which makes the provisioning services unavailable and provisioning fails. The provisioning services (Ironic) are now included in the VIP health checks, and the API VIP remains available. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1949859[*BZ#1949859*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the API VIP could become unavailable on the bootstrap when the API server restarted, which made the provisioning services unavailable and caused provisioning to fail. The provisioning services (Ironic) are now included in the VIP health checks, and the API VIP remains available. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1949859[*BZ#1949859*])
```

Author: That's a great catch, I'm sorry I did not fix that previously. I will make that update. Thanks very much.

* Previously, and for unknown reasons, a kubelet could register the wrong IP address for a node. As a consequence, the node would be in a `NotReady` state until it was rebooted. Now, the systemd manager configuration is reloaded with the valid IP address as an environment variable, meaning that nodes no longer enter a `NotReady` state because a kubelet registered the wrong IP address. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1940939[*BZ#1940939*])

> * Previously, refactoring for a shadowed variable caused a regression related to the use of the checkpoint file, and SR-IOV pod sandboxes would not start up. A check for the path of the kubelet socket was not properly accounted for during the refactor. The fix properly restores the check for the kubelet socket path, and now the SR-IOV pod sandboxes are properly created. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1968625[*BZ#1968625*])

Reviewer: > 🚫  start up verb
Do not use. Use "start"

Author: That's a very helpful catch, thank you! I appreciate the quick review.
